So we created the post API that returns on the post.
So let's show them here.
So let's all this post.
So to make a request to our server we need to use excuse and we're going to send a request to server
in our use effect function.
So in the component months we can make a request to let's import use effect who use state hook also
from.
React.
And then so when we get the post we want to put in the state, right, so we can have the posts in the
state posts said post.
It'll be the default array, the empty array by default and use effect.
It takes a function as an argument.
Second argument and theory.
So here we want to make a request so we can write on the court here.
Or we can just refer to a function name.
So let's call it face posts.
I didn't just write that function.
You know, the beauty of this one is you can use it as you go it, because if you write here, you can
to use this input here.
He can do that.
So it's a huge effect.
So this is most cost for his post sequence to async try.
If there's an air concern.
So we use it's useless import that.
So we use the excuse to make a request that will give us the data.
We at the structure point excuse to get to make a get request to class posts.
And that gives us the data.
You can control of the data, but I'm pretty sure we get that.
So let's directly save it in the data, it out in the state and just have a look at them.
The two or three guns.
Foundation string fine data, assorted donor posts.
And it's, you know, and forth to make it more readable.
It's heavily beautiful.
Now, you can see here we have got all the posts of the duration of the post here.
Awesome.
All right, now what are we going to do?
Is we not going to actually show the entire content here?
Because that's not necessary.
All you need to do is show the title and that that's pretty much it.
Maybe we use a slogan, otherwise we don't need a lot of this data.
So let's take out the finished version.
One step.
Architect to London.
In London.
I'll post so you can see I'm just showing the post title.
I'm not seeing anything else.
So that means we could probably go to our back in the control function and remove all the populate that
we have used.
Right.
Because that's not being used here.
However, they might be used a bit later, or maybe we use this endpoint to solve the post in our post
office.
So let's leave it like that for now.
But as you can see, we are actually not using a lot of the data that we get.
We just showing the post time and we have these two buttons that will allow the admin to edit and delete.
All right.
So let's continue here.
Let me just comment that out.
So here, let me actually to move that.
I'm going to use the list component from and designed to show this beautiful list of all the other posts.
Now for that, let's import list component from and.
And then let me also write to Francis.
We very soon begin to implement these pieces to edit and delete.
So let me just put them here as a placeholder just so that we don't forget post and the edit equals
to async.
And then is copy this one and based yeah and Justin's the name from Kendall to handle delete.
So we will be using these functions bit later.
Let's leave them like this for now and come here and try to show the post in a list.
Also, got the button.
We have the one heading.
Stay here.
What we want to do is we want to use the list component.
List, some list, it takes the layout.
So which layout you want, you can use a horizontal vertical.
So we use horizontal.
We will try tending to vertical and see how this looks.
Right.
It's a data source that's the most important.
Once the data source is a.
That's what we have in the state, the area of posts.
And once you have the data source, you want to render it easier to render item.
That is the function of years.
And there's the property in here, render item.
We basically use the function.
So you can see we're using our function.
So it's the whatever data source you have, so is of that data.
Each one of them will be available here.
So you can call them item, you can call them post, you can call them whatever you like to.
Let's just call it item.
Okay.
So this array is item from the array, you get access here and now you can add our render how you like.
So we can use list item, even just to use symbol divisors of symbols.
DEGGANS.
Write your own.
You know, you can extend the way you like.
But let's stick with this list, item for list item.
Let me close that.
So each item.
So we have to show the name.
Right.
So we have to show the name, actually, the one we had here.
All right.
List item don't matter.
Actually, we can use that.
So that's a self-closing component.
So title, so we can give the title.
So that would be item dot type icon.
So that will be the blank.
So the poster.
And then we can close this list time.
It's a render item.
We are showing the list item entitled this item.
We are showing the title and not just title.
We want to show these two items, edit and delete.
As I said, let me come here.
Now you can see we already have the beautiful list in the list title.
We are showing the title.
So these are the one we are currently working on.
This is the finished one.
You can see the look, British, British time.
I have shown the total number of posters.
So this is something you can do here.
Post student
you can call that post dot links.
All right.
So we so that it's a beautiful space there.
Style movies and don't listen to any sort of ten.
Maybe 15.
I guess that's that's okay.
So we have the list of posts.
Now let's show the I can edit and delete on the right end.
So for that, again, we used the list item.
So Adam can take accents and accents.
You can pass the array of items.
So it it is one item.
I did it in another city in Boston, Missouri.
So we can use an attack.
For Ed and then another one.
For, did it?
Now since we have two elements.
We have to separate.
So as you can see, this works exactly like a tree.
So in our unit you can have more items, but you have to separate with comma.
So that's how it works.
I guess so.
For Ed, when they click on the edit, we want to execute a function called handle edit and for delay
we execute this one.
So let's do that here.
Only handle edit and actually we have to pass this item as the argument to that function.
So we use arrow function here.
Handle edit and we have to pass the item so that we know which item we're trying to edit and for this
one the same thing.
On the.
All right.
So you can see here render item, we are rendering the list item and here we have two elements.
One is determine the is the item and this item has these accents.
Edit delete.
Let's have a look.
I guess they're here and we want them to be on the right end.
So what we can do here is probably apply some scissors.
Okay, I just realized that these are the accents.
They actually it doesn't require different list items, and they can be given in this skirt.
All right, so I'm just.
Carter, let me remove that so that can actually be him.
So let's put them here so you can see list item and you just give accents to this item.
That is the list item and that is the closing this element to basically want to have one item inside
that is the title.
And all these accents is a property you can use in this list.
So I guess with Dentons now that that looks good.
Okay.
So we give the item, we can access them.
So those items we get as an argument, we can call them item or we can call them post, we can just
call anything, let's call.
It was just so that makes sense.
Post And let me just control for now Godzilla.
All right.
And then here.
Okay.
So we'll work on this one.
So it will be pretty straightforward, but edit we're going to edit, we take them to a separate.
So at the moment we just have the console.log.
So let me see if I click edit.
You see?
Edit post we have the post so we can do something.
If we click delete, we have the post.
We can do something so we can turn this idea back in to remove the post.
But to edit we have to open up a new base.
For example, let me show you the finished one so we have on this post.
If they click edit, we have to take them to a separate page where they can edit the title, edit the
content, edit the categories on that, and they will find it a bit and you'll lean back on the space
with the updates.
So we have to take them to a new place for edit, but delete will be pretty straightforward.
So we will welcome these features.
But before we do that, there is a need for us to lift our application state from local state to the
global state.
And I will explain to you why we had to do that in the next video.
And then we're going to just upgrade our application from using local state to global state, not for
everything, but for categories and post.
It's going to be quite important.
So I'll explain to you why we had to do that in the next few.